Initial commits for review (#1)
tssala23/nerc-cluster-templating: README.md

# Nerc-Cluster-Templating

> This repo has an Anisble playbook to create overlay dir to be applied on NERC for new clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo has an Ansible playbook to create an overlay dir for a standard NERC cluster.
```

> There a few variable to be set in the [vars.yaml](https://github.com/tssala23/nerc-cluster-templating/blob/main/roles/cluster_template/vars/vars.yaml) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There a few variable to be set in the [vars.yaml](roles/cluster_template/vars/vars.yaml) file.
```

There are two example outputs in the outputs directory.

## Usage

> After setting the variables in the [vars.yaml](https://github.com/tssala23/nerc-cluster-templating/blob/main/roles/cluster_template/vars/vars.yaml) file, run the playbook `ansible-playbook playbook.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting the variables in the [vars.yaml](roles/cluster_template/vars/vars.yaml) file, run the playbook `ansible-playbook playbook.yaml`.
```

> The resulting cluster dir, which would be transferred to the [overlays dir](https://github.com/OCP-on-NERC/nerc-ocp-config/tree/main/cluster-scope/overlays) is outputted to the outputs dir.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting cluster dir, which would be transferred to the [cluster-scope overlays dir](https://github.com/OCP-on-NERC/nerc-ocp-config/tree/main/cluster-scope/overlays) is outputted to the outputs dir.
```
